## 8 April 2025 - Kick-off!

**Check-in questions:** What do you do to decompress after a day full of meetings?

**Attendees:**

 * Anne - a long walk or moving the body! 
 * Léllé - working out either cardio/intensely or yoga has been helpful to change the energy
 * Neha: couch time!
 * Johanna: I usually pre-compress - I start the day with a run
 * Sara:  turn off laptop, ask for hugs, get a beer if needed :) 
 * Alejandro - turn off my laptop and see my daughter big smile (let's play dad!)
 * Malvika - Turn off my laptop and enjoy my couch or exercise! 
 * Saranjeet - Actually I do love shutting down my laptop and take a nap/chat with my husband
 * Filled 

**Apologies: **

 * Shern - filled out later
 * Renee - filled out later


**Proposed agenda for first meeting**

 * Introductions - say hello and introduce yourself!
 * Discuss purpose of CMWG and what is needed to organise our community
 * Discuss what resources we will use: 
   * Comunity management tasks and responsibilities: 
   * Coworking Time? 
     * Currently we have 11am on Mondays used for coworking broadly with mainteners.
   * Calendar? Project boards?
   * Dedicated Github repository
   * Other: Google drive, Email, Calendar, Slack channel
 * What else is needed to support participation?
 * Comment, question and concern about committee members involvement: Questions on time commitment, term length etc. 
   * Extent of project team’s involvement: What capacity we have, what to prepare for?
 * Anything else?


**Notes**

 * What tasks are you interested in being a part of in the CMWG?
   * Johanna: github/maintenance, hosting community calls, newsletter, social media
   * Sara: github/maintenance, newsletter, any PM related chasing...\* \*
   * Saranjeet: GitHub maintenance (since I can pick it up quickly and can do async), hosting community calls (occasionally, will have to block out time for this, would also depend if there is a co-host and how much pre-planning would be needed),  
   * Neha: Newsletter, Social Media, Conferences/Events, GitHub, Slack, Misc Community Maintenance. I'd prefer not to be a primary host for calls, but I can try to attend as a helper as much as possible :)
   * Hosting working group calls, collab cafe and community calls
   * Alejandro: GitHub maintenance (organising doc, keeping tags up to date)
   * Shern: helping people feel seen and find their place in Slack (or other async channels); checking in on how people are feeling and what they are doing; creating spaces for people to bring and grow things in TTW and receive encouragement for open, flourishing research in their lives
   * Anne: I'm interested in learning how to coordinate project boards and organise a GitHub repository effectively. Increasing my effectiveness on Github. 
   * Renee: github maintenence, hosting onboarding calls, and also helping people feel seen especially newly onboarded members!


 * What are you interested in receiving/gaining/learning from joining the CMWG?
   * Neha: Community Management skills & 'maintenance' skills for things like GitHub, Slack, Social Media etc. I also need an excuse to get more regularly involved with TTW :P and meet new people. ⭐ We can use your energy always!!
   * Johanna: I have been very active in the background (maintenance, structural aspects), so I think I would like to maybe take on some more community facing tasks and roles. Would also be happy to do backend work. ❤️ - I love that goal!!!
   * Sara: GH would be what I take- I still don't feel confident and it would be a great training experience for me having you as supporters/patience people around me XD.
     * 💪🏽 Let's do this together! I am also learning to be more regular with project board.
     * Johanna is our OG!! + Alejandro!! + Saranjeet!
   * Saranjeet: CM skills in a global community, public speaking skills, (most important: the feeling of being a part of this enriching community!). 🌸 Same for me, so glad to see you more regularly!
     * Interested in hosting calls
     * Public speaking by giving talks 
       * Same for Léllé - interested in improving social aspects of the community
   * To understand better the underpinnings of TTW community, ensuring the community remains active and a safe space of knowledge-sharing during uncertainty. ❤️ +100\<3
   * To learn skills in community building which are fundamental for sustainable open-source projects. ⌛ Looking forward to see how this space and our practices evolve!
   * MS: My focus is to explore more distributed leadership and I am very excited to see how we evolve our work with so many community managers. 
   * Shern: to feel seen and find fulfilment myself! :D to bring back practices for helping Australian research communities that are also growing through similar struggles
   * Anne: I'm keen to pass on skills, to ensure the sustainability of the community and project, and to support folks who are already doing incredible work in the community. Also after many years of people public-facing, I'm keen to increase my technical chops.
   * Renee: I love the mission of TTW and the community; want to be part of the efforts to grow the community; would also love to learn 'maintenance skills' on github
 * What are some other aspects of the Turing Way community management you deem important for your and other people's participation.
   * Johanna: The TW has always been a great, accessible, free and inclusive resource and I feel for many people it has been a first entry point to open source work and contributing, as well as an opportunity to upskill and network. So I stay being seen and reaching those folks is important. +1+1
   * Fireside chats are quite a nice way to introduce 'new' topics to the community and attract new people to TTW. +1 (we want to plan a series this year - happy to bring that for this WG to coordinate)
   * A big part of TTW's appeal and success is the community, we gotta keep things going! It's nice to get people onboard and help them navigate the community and find their spot. It's great that we continue to recognize contributions explicitly, no matter how big or small. +1
     * Same as above: Slack and GitHub discussions - if people ask questions and nobody responds, people get discouraged or feel like their questions are not important. Often who responds is organic, but CMs make sure that there are responses - like let me ping the right person, or let me share this resource, or let me boost this in other channel etc.+1 +1! maybe we can have a plan for the non-organic responses? like each week some celebratory comment/post about a contribution, help, community... anything going on
   * The community calls and social/coworking get-togethers have been very rewarding to organise and to attend, since they are rare opportunities for face to face time with each other -they are the space where the 'community' stops being a vague term, and becomes a lived experience
     * Book dashes 
       * +1+1+1
   * Saranjeet:  The book itself, the bookdashes (the fact that any one can contribute to the book), the community spirit, and the generous and welcoming nature of the people in this community
     * +1
   * Shern: Things working well -- the community, especially a firm and warm continuing commitment to inclusion, diversity, and accessibility; the "rhythms" of Slack + calls (coworking + Fireside + conferences) + Book Dash; the depth and rigour of the TTW book resource ... my personal wish list -- curating and improving "share-out" cross-sections of TTW (for example undergrad teaching material???), and guiding members in adding small contributions -- a PR that could go from idea to approval over a few weeks instead of Book Dash-level +1
   * Anne: I think learning about the bottom part of the "iceberg" for community management is really important.
   * Renee: community calls! personally it was an important first step towards my involvement with TTW. 


 * How do you work best with asynchronous tasks? What ways can we offer support, organization, and other infrastructure for your participation?
   * Sara: if available for co-working (Mondays are fine for me atm), that would really help me for accountability. Otherwise, just giving me the space/time to do my allocated task together with a deadline until I create a 'rythm'
   * Co-working sessions on Mondays are ok for me. I could leave an extra async hour for TODOs and interact with CMWG via Slack.
   * Neha: Similar to the above, I would really appreciate clear tasks and deadlines - for example, on GitHub boards/issues. I don't always need to cowork on a shared call (I would do them more to hang out and be in touch with people) - but it would be great to have a 'buddy' to check in with over a task. For example, a quick review of some text or sanity check.
   * Saranjeet: Love the idea of co-working, since that would also keep us connected as we are spread out
   * Johanna: Co-working is a fantastic idea - unfortunately I cannot join the Mondayly CW call as it clashes with our departmental meeting that I have to attend. Github issues would also be fine
   * Coworking is best way to action on any time sensitive thing.
     * For async I appreciate timeline, a github issue and clarity on who is doing what. +1+1
   * Shern -- I might do okay working on my own but I would definitely love regular check-ins and plan-settings!
   * Renee: As long as there is clear github documentation/issue/description I am OK with async tasks! I usually initiate check-ins whenever there is something unclear


 * Please add +1 next to tools/tasks/infrastructure we have within the TTW community that you would find useful to use (and feel free to add more suggestions!)
   * Coworking Time +1 +1+1+1+1+1+1
   * Calendar +1 +1+1+1+1
   * Project boards? +1+1+1+1+1+100+1+1
   * Dedicated Github repository +1 +1+1+1+100+1+1+1
   * Google drive+1+1+1+1+1
   * Email list: maybe!
   * Slack channel+1 +1+1+1+1
   * Should we be using GitHub discussions?+1+1+1+1(let's try!)


 * What time for coworking might work? (if you're interested in coworking!)
   * Weekly? +1
   * Every two weeks? +1+1+1+1
 * What time range for coworking might work? (UK timezones!)
   * Monday
     * 10am +1+1+1
     * 11am +1+1+1+1
     * 12pm +1+1
     * 1pm
     * 2pm
     * 3pm
   * Tuesday
     * 10am+1+1+1+1
     * 11am
     * 12pm+1
     * 1pm
     * 2pm
     * 3pm
   * Wednesday
     * 10am +1+1
     * 11am +1+1+1
     * 12pm +1+1
     * 1pm +1
     * 2pm +1+1
     * 3pm +1+1+1+1
   * Thursday
     * 10am+1+1+1
     * 11am +1+1
     * 12pm+1
     * 1pm
     * 2pm+1
     * 3pm+1
   * Friday
     * 10am
     * 11am +1+1+1
     * 12pm +1
     * 1pm +1
     * 2pm +1
     * 3pm +1+1
   * Any unavailability?
     * MS: Leaving for annual leave from 18 April to 4 May
     * NM: Mondays are generally rather packed for me, Wednesdays and Fridays are most flexible. Also, I'm on holiday for the next two weeks.
     * I have a dutch course on Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 12pm-2pm until the end of June
     * ACC: Flexible Mondays/Fridays. Unavailable Tuesdays 10am-12pm (admin stuff) , Wednesdays/Thursdays 1pm-5pm (project meetings)
     * Next 2 months are a bit messy for me as I have several trainings/conferences/holidays booked... but from June onwards I'll have a more constant schedule and will be able to adapt to other working times
     * Friday is a non-working day for me
 * MS: Summarising availability here:
   * Monday: 11:00 - 12:00
     * I already host this and can keep this going!
   * Tuesday: 10:00 - 11:00
     * This can be added - the team currently working in paid hour can hold space to see if this is popular
   * Wednesday: 15:00 - 16:00
     * Overlaps with Collab Cafes first hour - which is good
   * Shern -- most Wed / some Fris


**Next steps:**

 * Making a slack channel: Léllé
   * private: #cm-wg
   * public: #community-management
 * Setting up a GitHub repository: Anne
   * [https://github.com/the-turing-way/community-management](https://github.com/the-turing-way/community-management)
 * Processing notes - what tasks folks like? What tools shall we use? (async)
   * Can we create a summary sheet? -- Looks like Anne's qual analysis experience :Dhaha!
 * Making first coworking time (distributing tasks)
   * 11:00 - 12:00 Monday: MS to host
   * 10:00 - 11:00 Tuesday: ALS to host
   * We can leave Wednesdays for Collab Cafes!
     * This might be something we have WG members lead in rotation? Good idea!
 * We might need Google Drive for some internal info (like people's info, summary of notes here, any prep document)
   * MS can create this! We have CM resources that we can move there.
 * Discussion on slack for first tasks --\> and then joining coworking next week!
   * ALS will get this discussion started.
